[DLCov 1/5] Add CMake option to enable enhanced line number coverage tracking (#107278)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/CMake.rst

**LLVM_ENABLE_BINDINGS**:BOOL
  If disabled, do not try to build the OCaml bindings.

> **LLVM_ENABLE_DEBUGLOC_COVERAGE_TRACKING**:STRING

Reviewer: Should the ABI-breaking-ness be mentioned here as well...? Not sure if that's a common thing to document here or not.

  Enhances Debugify's ability to detect line number errors by storing extra
  information inside Instructions, removing false positives from Debugify's
  results at the cost of performance. Allowed values are `DISABLED` (default),

>   `COVERAGE`, and `COVERAGE_AND_ORIGIN`. `COVERAGE` tracks whether and why a

Reviewer: Should we give an example performance impact for the `COVERAGE` mode here? I think it would help people evaluate how they use the feature.

Author: Makes sense - compile time tracker reckons that [currently](http://llvm-compile-time-tracker.com/compare.php?from=9e65dcac660723a06039c7e9b30f305b9b8ca652&to=f3f169f94a0c5e9cf2711438a5d932a8d8520f60&stat=instructions:u) this sits at a slowdown of about 0.05-0.1%, depending on configuration, so I'll put something to that effect in here.

  line number was intentionally dropped or not generated for an instruction,
  allowing Debugify to avoid reporting these as errors. `COVERAGE_AND_ORIGIN`

>   additionally stores a stacktrace of the point where each DebugLoc is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  additionally stores a stack trace of the point where each DebugLoc is
```
